[docs] Update API signatures (#5677)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/fixture/disablepagecaching.md

> Disables page caching. Use it if the browser storages are reset after the test navigates to a cached page. See [Troubleshooting: Test Actions Fail After Authentication](../../../guides/advanced-guides/authentication.md#test-actions-fail-after-authentication) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disables page caching. Use it if the browser storage is reset after the test navigates to a cached page. See [Troubleshooting: Test Actions Fail After Authentication](../../../guides/advanced-guides/authentication.md#test-actions-fail-after-authentication) for more information.
```
